Include section for `module-person` association (#190)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

    2. Test case: `add-person-to-module m/MA2001 n/Alex Yeoh`, assuming both `MA2001` and `Alex Yeoh` are currently displayed on Plannit.
       Expected:
        * `Alex Yeoh` is added to `MA2001`.
        * Result display shows successful addition of `Alex Yeoh` to `MA2001`.
        * Subsequently, if `goto MA2001` is executed next, `Alex Yeoh` should be one of the persons listed.

    3. Test case: `add-person-to-module m/MA2001 n/David Li`
       Expected:
        * No person is added to module.
        * Result display shows an error message stating that `David Li` has already been added to `MA2001`.

    4. Test case:
       `add-person-to-module m/GE3238 n/David Li`, assuming `David Li` is not currently displayed on Plannit but `GE3238` is currently displayed on Plannit.
       Expected:
        * No person is added to module.
        * Result display shows an error message stating that the input person is not in the currently displayed list.

    5. Test inputs where command format is invalid (e.g., `add-person-to-module`, `add-person-to-module m/CS2103T`)
       Expected:

>         * No person is added to module. Result display shows that the command format is invalid.

Reviewer: Inconsistent pointer format compared to section "Adding of contact"

    1. Download the `JAR` file and copy into an empty folder

>     2. Double-click the `JAR` file Expected: Shows the GUI with a set of sample contacts. The window size may not be optimum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Double-click the `JAR` file
    
    Expected: Shows the GUI with a set of sample contacts. The window size may not be optimum.
```
Would it be better to include a line break?

2. Saving window preferences

    1. Resize the window to an optimum size. Move the window to a different location. Close the window.

    2. Re-launch the app by double-clicking the `JAR` file.<br>
        Expected: The most recent window size and location is retained.
    

> ### Deleting a module

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be left to me instead?

1. Deleting a module with the module being displayed currently.

    1. Prerequisites: The module to be deleted is currently listed. If not, use the `home` command to do so
       automatically.

>     2. Test case: `delete-module m/CS2106` assuming module with module code CS2106 exists in Plannit.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Test case: `delete-module m/CS2106` assuming module with module code CS2106 is currently listed in Plannit.
```

>        Expected: Module with module code CS2106 is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted module shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.

Reviewer: Timestamp in status bar updated? What do you mean? Console log?

    3. Test case: `delete-module m/CS2109S` assuming module with module code CS2109S does not exist in Plannit.<br>
       Expected: No module is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

>     4. Other incorrect delete commands to try: `delete`, `delete x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>

Reviewer: This one probably needs to change because it is `delete-module` instead of `delete`

       Expected: Similar to previous.
    

### Deleting a contact

1. Deleting a contact with the contact being displayed currently.

    1. Prerequisites: The contact to be deleted is currently listed. If not, use the `home` command to do so 
     automatically.
   
    2. Test case: `delete-person n/Amy` assuming contact with name Amy exists in Plannit.<br>

>        Expected: Contact with name Amy is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted contact shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.

Reviewer: Timestamp in status bar? Did you mean console log?

    3. Test case: `delete-person n/Bob` assuming contact with name Bob does not exist in Plannit.<br>
       Expected: No person is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

>     4. Other incorrect delete commands to try: `delete`, `delete x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>

Reviewer: This needs to be changed (`delete` command does not exist)?
